chore: add list of updates in zoe-release-candidate. (#244)
Agoric/documentation: main/dapps/alpha-release-candidate.md

```js
const mySynchronousMint = await zcf.makeZCFMint('MySyncMint', 'set');
const { amountMath, brand, issuer } = mySynchronousMint.getIssuerRecord();
mySynchronousMint.mintGains({ MyKeyword: amount }, seat);
```

For more information on how to use these specialized mints, please see
the type definitions
[here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/7058a852c46625e28aa9a290b2c99f2a39d0cba5/packages/zoe/src/types.js#L221)
and example
[here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/ee8f782578ff4f2ea9e0ec557e14d1f52c795ca9/packages/zoe/src/contracts/mintPayments.js#L34).
The issuers associated with the synchronous mints are already saved in
Zoe, so there is no need to `addNewIssuer` (renamed to `saveIssuer` in
this version) for synchronous mints. Note that the first call to *make*
the ZCFMint is asynchronous, but the following calls are synchronous. 

### ZoeHelpers

There is no longer any `makeZoeHelpers` call. Instead, any helpers can
be imported directly from `@agoric/zoe/src/contractSupport/`. Note
that some require `zcf` to be passed as the first argument.

### Contract Structure

Please add the following type right before the start of your contract

> code to enforce the correct return values for your contract:

Reviewer: I'd tell them that it warns on errors rather than that it "enforces".

```js
/**
 * @type {ContractStartFn}
 */
 ```

Contract code must export a function `start` as a non-default export,
like so:

```js
const start = zcf => {
  ...
  // your code here
  return harden({ creatorFacet, creatorInvitation, publicFacet });
}
harden(start);
export { start };
```

`zcf` is the Zoe Contract Facet and is the only argument provided to
the contract.

> The contract must return a record with any of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract must return a record with any (or none) of the following:
```

1. `creatorFacet` - an object usually with admin authority only given to the
   entity which calls `E(zoe).startInstance(...)`. The creatorFacet
   can be used to create invitations for other parties, and take actions
   that are unrelated to making offers.
2. `creatorInvitation` - a Zoe invitation that is only given to the entity
   with calls `E(zoe).startInstance(...)`. This invitation is usually
   used for cases in which a party has to make an offer first, such as
   escrowing the underlying good for sale in an auction or covered
   call.
3. `publicFacet` - an object that will be available through Zoe to anyone who knows

>    the contract instance. The publicFacet is good for general queries,
>    such as getting the current price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the contract instance. The publicFacet is good for general queries and actions,
   such as getting the current price or creating public invitations.
```

  // Synchronously mint and allocate amount to seat.
  zcfMint.mintGains({ Token: amount }, seat);
  // Exit the seat so that the user gets a payout.
  seat.exit();
  // Since the user is getting the payout through Zoe, we can
  // return anything here. Let's return some helpful instructions.
  return 'Offer completed. You should receive a payment from Zoe';
};
```

To learn more about the API of the ZCFSeat, see the type definitions
[here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/7058a852c46625e28aa9a290b2c99f2a39d0cba5/packages/zoe/src/types.js#L377)

### UserSeat Facet

The UserSeat is what is returned to the caller of
`E(zoe).offer(invitation, proposal, payments)`. The UserSeat has
methods such as `getPayout` and `exit`. See the type definitions
[here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/7058a852c46625e28aa9a290b2c99f2a39d0cba5/packages/zoe/src/types.js#L88)

### Reallocating

To reallocate, first stage an allocation on a seat:

```js
const creatorStage = creatorSeat.stage({
    Tip: tipAmountMath.add(creatorTips, tipAmount),
    Assurance: assuranceMath.getEmpty(),
  });
```

Once you have a few seatStagings to reallocate over, you can call

> reallocate like so, with any number of stagings passed in as separate arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reallocate like so, with at least two stagings passed in as separate arguments:
```

I'd also mention whether they're allowed to include duplicate seats in the set of stagings. (I think the answer is "no".)
